TEST---77337: Builders Plan Preflights and Support Bundles (#1205)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/partials/preflights/_secrets-config.mdx

Replicated recommends writing your preflight checks specification in one or more Secrets. Using Secrets protects secure information in a cluster.

:::note

> Alternatively, you can use a ConfigMap (`kind: configMap`) if the specification will not collect private information from the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use a ConfigMap (`kind: configMap`) if the specification will not contain private information.
```
